Improve camera performance (#3032)
cyberbotics/webots: docs/reference/lidar.md

*enable and disable lidar updates*

The `wb_lidar_enable` function allows the user to enable lidar updates.

> Once the lidar is enabled, it will copy range images from VRAM to RAM at each time step, regardless of `wb_lidar_get_range_image` calls.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once the lidar is enabled, it will copy range images from GPU memory to CPU memory at each time step, regardless of `wb_lidar_get_range_image` calls.
```
